h1. Ramazery

This is a collection of prototypes, helpers and extensions for the excellent Ramaze web framework. The features here have been developed using the Ramaze 2011.01.30 gem.

h1. Features

# Enhanced Tenjin Template Adapter
# Lambda Router for REST URL Patterns

h2. Enhanced Tenjin Template Adapter

The currently shipped adapter for Tenjin does not support the features provided by the Tenjin::ContextHelper module including the use of nested templates.
This is because it uses the current action.binding and renders with code pulled from the Tenjin base.

The enhanced adapter uses a Tenjin::Engine hooked to a Tenjin::Context which is extended with the action instance variables and helpers. It uses the standard Tenjin render function which makes use of these objects.

Controller traits of :tenjin_options (Hash) and :tenjin_helpers (Array of Symbols) can be used to customize the behavior of the adapter. See Tenjin::Template #options and #extend_with_helpers for details.

h2. Lambda Router for REST URL Patterns

The REST URL router accepts most of the URL patterns described at http://microformats.org/wiki/rest/urls. This includes the both the native HTTP methods (PUT, DELETE) and the simulated methods using the URL "_method" parameter. The router output is of the form:

bc. <RestPrefix>/<Collection>/<Action>
	Or
<RestPrefix>/<Collection>/<Action>/<Id>

See "controller/init.rb" and "controller/test_rest_urls.rb" to see a test example for usage. A spec is provided to test the patterns. Currently the "follow a relationship" patterns are not supported.
